i minus y n right i hope you've recorded
this and you can walk about watch your
back later Ryan I've explained you very
clearly I'm a man of principle even if
durianrider is being harmed even if it
is durianrider who is being defamed by
cheetah I say this is bad and wrong
although durianrider is not my friend
okay therefore if you want a man of
principle I'm going to finish this
sentence Ryan because you have trouble
understanding me if you were a man of
principle lion you would care that
someone like vegan cheetah is engaging
in serious defamation against others
even if they are not your friends
whether it's durianrider or Anna Scanlon
or me cheetah is someone who has done
bad things that have serious
consequences and yes you have a moral
responsibility to do more than the
bullshit you have been doing if you're a
man with any shred of moral decency and
that new can I just say I also had the
experience of trying to be his friend
and trying to be supportive and trying
to be understanding and trying to assume
the best about his intentions but the
reality is we're talking about someone
who has acted with real malice who's
really defamed people is really slander
people just had a negative impact not
only on their lives as individuals but
who has had a negative impact in the
vegan movement and the question of many
people don't know this now because
people forget what happened three months
ago or six months ago on the internet at
a time when cheetah was really
supporting me publicly he had supported
me during my fundraiser I criticize
cheetah even when he was defaming
durianrider for me on point of principle
I came out and said no although it's
wrong when durianrider defame me it's
just as wrong when she did the same
durianrider and that's when she just
stopped being my friend because from his
perspective idea to criticize him at
that time in the definition he said
about during writer maybe wasn't so
serious but he was saying that during
writer had eight hiv/aids he alleged
during writer was sleeping with a 16
year old that you know he was sleeping
with Julia bore a number of other lives
like that he military writer and at that
time which was immediately after my
fundraiser when he sported me I said
look this is over the line is it I don't
care if you're my friend of mine i don't
care if during writers infernum enemy
even though during
maybe literally my worst enemy and I'm
still in court with them now there's a
line and this is the line you don't
cross so that's how I dealt with it even
though I was friends with cheetah for
quite a long time up to that point and
that's how he dealt with it did it are
you I issuing a suggestion for i'm not i
would be a fit are you offering a
suggestion on how to deal with it like
cut it off completely because that work
it work when I know him obviously I try
to make it a point to go they almost all
vegan youtubers and I just kind of them
what's what I'm looking for kind of
randomly got to know him because just
because he was brought out the Los
Angeles for that source conference so I
know you you you know for any various
reasons and stuff like that any what I'm
getting at is I um when I meet vegans
who I disagree with I you know I don't
take at active like namakkal to differ
and I take a tactic of dialogue
diplomacy engagement I find that to be
my my tactic my strength as far as like
trying to get my my two cents over to
their great okay but but not with me
yeah yeah Brian look we're all imperfect
human beings I don't hold you to an
impossible heist and I really don't and
I really believe and that also relates
to my situation with cheetah back when
cheetah people were asking me to
denounce him because he was using the
n-word on camera he was using coarse
language and racist terminology and
homophobic slurs from time to time and I
am actually very forgiving of other
people might not get said about me but I
can remember for a long time saying well
you know cheetah comes from you know
he's of ex-convict he does swear he
someone says racist things but you know
he has good intentions this kind of
thing I want you a long period of being
very forgiving towards him but you know
you've just claimed that you're into
engagement people you know you made no
attempt to engage me and that's fine
we're all human moment so many hours in
the day I mean you you know but but I
just say you don't actually have a code
of that kind when there was a video you
disagree with with me you didn't talk to
me you've never sent me a single you
know you never talk to me back from the
dhuryam writer thing what's happening
you've ever talked me any stage after
that this is the first
would ever spoken in any format you've
never sent me a Facebook message and you
know you and so many people had taken up
here cause I guess Carl's being the main
one back then I mean I did that but
that's that's not what my point is not
to complain that I wanted more attention
for you I didn't I wasn't asking for
your attention my point is you've just
claimed you've just claimed that you
treat cheetah the same way you treat
everyone else that you try to engage
with somebody where there's a problem
and I'm telling you really in practice
that's not true I'm sympathetic I
understand why but no you are choosing
to ally yourself with cheetah and not
even to talk to me when does controversy
what you're describing about your mo
which I understand the human reality is
something else we can't deal with every
situation that way you could have at any
point whether it was the jury and writer
thing or the need or anything you could
have at any point sent me an email and
you didn't that's okay but I'm just
asking you to acknowledge or you know
you don't do it now listening you were
fighting this there actually is a big
gap to what you're saying your mo is and
what your elbow actually is in the
situation age with people who I already
have some kind of relationship of some
kind with it could be right one time I
know them i really don't watch your
content don't take it personal i don't
want all that much youtube content so i
really don't i really know very much i
know this Ryan this started off with you
basically trying to claim that you're
not supporting cheetah and now basically
you're acknowledging you do support
treat up because he's your friend
because you have to know him that's very
human I understand but that's the
reality by which is enemy the reality is
the way you treat someone like cheetah
and the way you treat someone like
during writer is very different from the
way you treated me and you have shown
zero interest in the facts in any of
those cases
briefly like you know you know the story
Ryan I don't care I'm not either i'm not
i wasn't asking for attention some of my
fans were in order to write you right
now look at the comment section there
are still people who because of the
misinformation campaign against me by
vegan cheetah think i stole six thousand
thousand dollars do you think you are
neutral in a situation where cheetah is
defaming Lee sheet is the same llevo
criminal allegations about my ex-wife
that I'm a wife beater sheet is defaming
me saying I stole six thousand five
hundred dollars fraud and you think
you're neutral you think you just engage
with everyone equally you don't you are
taking sides you're just ignorant of
what the sides are ok serious defamation
you just have no interest in what the
fights situation is this broadcasters I
can give you an equally long list of
slanderous things that cheetah its name
oh really really financial problem white
beating a soul that I'm facing assault
charges and they stole six thousand five
and dollars in aunt financial fraud has
he made allegations that serious about
you and you're still as friends really
because you didn't lift a finger with me
and out at the other end of that
situation yeah it wouldn't be asking a
lot to you Ryan for you too if you think
you're neutral you could have heard two
sides the story and you never have
you've only taken interest in one side
of the story and those are very serious
forms of information there's negative
impacts of the vegan movement and
negative impacts on me it's not a game
Ryan if you think I'm asking you to help
me your willfully ignoring what I've
said to you very clearly I have never
once asked gentlemen it's the sound I
can't look at it so Ryan what what was
my actual point Ryan eyes when I gotta
move on I it sounds more dance I'll give
you one more shot to explain what what
letter client is quickly like anything
20 yeah yeah Ryan Ryan I hope you've
recorded this and you can walk about
watch your back later Ryan I've
explained you very clearly I'm a man of
principle even if durianrider is being
harmed even if it is durianrider who is
being defamed by cheetah I say this is
bad and wrong although during writer is
not my friend okay therefore if you are
a man of principle I'm going to finish
this sentence Ryan because you have
trouble
understanding me if you are a man of
principle Ryan you would care that
someone like vegan cheetah is engaging
in serious defamation against others
even if they are not your friends
whether it's durianrider or Anna Scanlon
or me cheetah is someone who has done
bad things that have serious
consequences and yes you have a moral
responsibility to do more than the
bullshit you have been doing if you're a
man with any shred of moral decency
understand